# Assorted-Scripts
Sometimes I write little scripts with no real reason behind doing so. I'll put those here.

<b>binarySearch.py</b> -- I wrote this in response to running across <a href="https://reprog.wordpress.com/2010/04/19/are-you-one-of-the-10-percent/">this old article</a>.

The claim was that only 10% of professional programmers -- those at Bell Labs and IBM, which dates the original source (1986) -- were able to correctly implement a binary search, given a few hours and the criteria that they NOT use any research or testing. (I might be imagining the research requirement -- I didn't look up anything at all, except some basketball scores -- but I'm assuming there was no StackOverflow in 1986.) 90% found at least some bugs in their code.

binarySearch.py is my first attempt at implementing a binary search (in Python). Everything after the initial comment and before the main() method (technically everything before the import statement) is exactly as I originally wrote it (including inaccurate comments, lol); the main() method itself used to be much simpler, but I expanded it after the initial tests in order to test more thoroughly and efficiently. My implementation works! I'm a little embarrassed by how relieved I am, but it's nice to be in the top 10% of IBM/Bell Labs programmers.

<b>upr.py</b> -- A while back I wrote <a href="https://jessethesportswriter.blogspot.com/2014/09/introducing-true-passer-rating.html">this article</a>, in which I uncapped the NFL's passer rating (both on the upper and lower ends). I used to have a upr.py file on my computer and my phone, but new computer, new phone, you get it. I haven't tested this much but it should still work. Anyway, this gives you a way better picture of how well a QB played in an exceptionally good or bad game (or theoretically a season or a career, but to my knowledge no one's ever had a season or a career (given sufficient volume) which goes outside the bounds of standard PR). For instance, today (10/28/18) Russell Wilson went 14/17 for 248 yards, 3 TDs, and 0 interceptions. The "establishment" would like you to believe he only put up a passer rating of 158.3, but in actuality his UPR was a phenomenal 190.3. That's like 32 points higher. That's the difference between an average quarterback and an elite one.
